Adding an initial CONTRIBUTING.md in packages/engine (#107)
hashintel/hash: packages/engine/CONTRIBUTING.md

        + [How Do I Submit A (Good) Bug Report?](#how-do-i-submit-a--good--bug-report-)
    * [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
        + [Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion](#before-submitting-an-enhancement-suggestion)
        + [How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?](#how-do-i-submit-a--good--enhancement-suggestion-)
    * [Your First Code Contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)
        + [Local development](#local-development)
    * [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
    * [Rust Styleguide](#rust-styleguide)
    * [JavaScript Styleguide](#javascript-styleguide)
    * [Python Styleguide](#python-styleguide)
    * [Documentation Styleguide](#documentation-styleguide)
        + [Example](#example)

- [Additional Notes](#additional-notes)
    * [Issue and Pull Request Labels](#issue-and-pull-request-labels)

## I have a question, where do I go?

> **Note:** Please don't use GitHub issues for help, we have a friendly community on... TODO links to Discord, etc.

* TODO

## Getting started, what do I need to know?

### Design Decisions

> TODO

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

> > TODO

Reviewer: GitHub issue w/ the `hengine` tag?

#### Before Submitting A Bug Report

> > TODO

Reviewer: Environment info dump and step-by-step repro instructions, at minimum, ideally

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Bug Report?

> > TODO

Reviewer: I guess my above comment could be addressed here. But I feel like a 'good' bug report also includes niceties like screenshots or (even better) a screen recording demonstrating the repro.

Author: Agreed, again I think we can take a fair bit of inspiration from the Atom contributing guide.
https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-do-i-submit-a-good-bug-report

We of course don't need to split into two sections like they do. But I quite like how there is a concise clear set of instructions for the actual bug report, and then auxiliary recommendations for how to improve and enhance it.

### Suggesting Enhancements

> > TODO

Reviewer: We're going to have the ability to submit suggestions via a 'wishlist' section of the new site. https://app.asana.com/0/1200211978612931/1201468117002661 In the meantime I think GitHub Issues would be an appropriate place to direct people, as well - and more structured/preferable than Discord.

Reviewer: We also have the product feedback section of the forum, but this will be merged into _general_ when the 'wishlist' site is up. Perhaps it is, in fact, the best place to point people for now: https://community.hash.ai/c/product-feedback/2

- [Getting started, what do I need to know?](#getting-started--what-do-i-need-to-know-)
    * [Design Decisions](#design-decisions)

- [How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute-)
    * [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
    * [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
    * [Your First Code Contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)
    * [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
    * [Rust Styleguide](#rust-styleguide)
    * [JavaScript Styleguide](#javascript-styleguide)
    * [Python Styleguide](#python-styleguide)
    * [Documentation Styleguide](#documentation-styleguide)

- [Additional Notes](#additional-notes)
    * [Issue and Pull Request Labels](#issue-and-pull-request-labels)

> **WIP** This document is a work in-progress, if the section you need isn't finished, please feel free to reach out to us for clarification!

## I have a question, where do I go?

> **Note:** Please don't use GitHub issues for help, we have a friendly community on...

* [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/BPMrGAhjPh)
* [Our Forum](https://community.hash.ai/)
* And any other methods outlined on [our site](https://hash.ai/contact)

> 

Reviewer 2: This should either be marked as WIP or the `> **Note:** ` should be removed, otherwise the section starts with a quote-like formatting and is followed by a normally formatted list.

Author: Seems like it's a matter of stylistic choice. Atom do something similar:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25749103/148775592-833e0f15-74d1-4137-b493-3878f39cd3a3.png)

Depends on how you read it, if others raise concerns with it we can change it

## Getting started, what do I need to know?

### Design Decisions

> TODO

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

While using our products, you may encounter unwanted behavior, and if that should happen, please do report it to us! No project is perfect, and helping us keeping track of problems is always appreciated. 

To help you help us, we've written this section to give some guidelines on the sort of information that will help us investigate and hopefully help you.

#### Before Submitting A Bug Report

> Try and check to see if it's already been reported, the main place to look would be the [Github Issues board](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/issues). If you can't find something similar, then feel free to create a new one! Be sure to label it with the `hengine` label to help the right team find it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Try and check to see if it's already been reported, the main place to look would be the [Github Issues board](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/issues). If you can't find something similar, then feel free to create a new one! Be sure to label it with the `A-engine + C-bug` label to help the right team find it.
```

Are non-members able to add labels? If not, we should add a template for bug reports adding the flags.

Author: Good question I don't know the answer to. Perhaps @CiaranMn does?

Might be worth you adding some documentation about the labels and what the `A-` and `C-` things mean @TimDiekmann

### Suggesting Enhancements

If you have ideas of how to improve the hEngine, feel free to submit them on the [Product Feedback section of our community forum](https://community.hash.ai/c/product-feedback/2). If you want a more informal discussion around your ideas feel free to start a conversation on the Discord!

[comment]: <> (The following sections are comments until the wishlist section of the new website is live)
[comment]: <> (#### Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion)

[comment]: <> (> TODO)

[comment]: <> (#### How Do I Submit A &#40;Good&#41; Enhancement Suggestion?)

[comment]: <> (> TODO)

### Your First Code Contribution

> TODO

#### Local development

> TODO

### Pull Requests

> WIP - More information incoming regarding PR description formatting, etc. 

#### Some good practices

- Have well encapsulated commits on your PR, this helps with reviewing. If you're comfortable with it, rebasing before opening your PR can help with cleaning up WIP commits.
- Write unit-tests _as_ you write code. Submitting unit-tests alongside the code within commits improves confidence in your changes and helps us understand your intentions with the code.

> ## Styleguides

Reviewer: As we want to/do have global policies around style we should publish these styleguides independently, outside of the `packages/engine` folder, and cross-link to them here (and from other package READMEs where language-relevant).

Author: ```suggestion
## Styleguides

[comment]: <> (Cross-link to global style guides for the repo when they're added)

```

Are we fine with adding it as a comment for now?

Reviewer: Yes. Let's leave the Rust one you've written up here anyway in place for the timebeing, until that is ready.
